[docs] Remove Appearance elements guide (#30343)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/migrate/from-react-navigation.mdx

### Migrate TypeScript types

Expo Router can automatically generate [statically typed routes](/router/reference/typed-routes), this will ensure you can only navigate to valid routes.

## Additional information

### React Navigation themes

React Navigation navigators `<Stack>`, `<Drawer>`, and `<Tabs>` use a shared appearance provider. In React Navigation, you set the theme for the entire app using the `<NavigationContainer />` component. Expo Router manages the root container so that you can set the theme using the `ThemeProvider` directly.

```tsx app/_layout.tsx
/* @info Import theme APIs from React Navigation directly. */
import { ThemeProvider, DarkTheme, DefaultTheme, useTheme } from '@react-navigation/native';
/* @end */
import { Slot } from 'expo-router';

export default function RootLayout() {
  return (
    /* @info All layouts inside this provider will use the dark theme. */
    <ThemeProvider value={DarkTheme}>
      /* @end */
      <Slot />
    </ThemeProvider>
  );
}
```

> You can use this technique at any layer of the app to set the theme for a specific layout. The current theme can be accessed with `useTheme` from `@react-navigation/native`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this technique at any layer of the app to set the theme for a specific layout. The current theme can be accessed via `useTheme` hook from `@react-navigation/native`.
```

Wording nit?
